good
the page of donations
President
you have to calm down
i
all right
It's a triumph for Colombia and a triumph
for the ska and really that great
can see it here tell us a little
how this is done is on the good bus
the truth very happy I think it is
a very good satisfaction and the truth
that I am very happy is a joy
for me for the team for colombia yo
I think that for you to enjoy it all the
people is a super good satisfaction and
well what we said we had three
chips to move or I think that has
came out very well today's tactic I say
another question from last year better young
and there is his first victory of the turn my
first victory in a large footprint the
true that we hope that the more
as seriously as I was going to
move good I was a little the letter
white the team has always been very
well working we try from the
carnadura and everything went very well
It's very long I think it's the first
mountain stage long for this
I turn still after a day of
rest there are ones that suit you
others that come badly have to wait
I think this is just beginning
this full for all the people is in
Colombia thank God we only made one
excellent stage during the first two
seconds I think that
it is very important to us what
moment decides to attack at what time
plan everything and launch it I think my
mate is alive is ahead
It has been excellent work because
we knew if you could eventually
reply
in the end I could respond well
and in the end until a little time
I was ahead I can not walk
learn what is what
it's called colombiana
I can not sit down to learn it is a
virtue in pink